Update Example Docs (#70)
aranya-project/aranya: templates/aranya-example/README.md

# Example Rust Application

> This crate contains example code showing how to use Aranya in an application. In order to set it up, you'll need to install [`cargo-generate`](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-generate), which will allow you to create a new project that you can then modify as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate contains example code showing how to use Aranya in a Rust application. In order to set it up, you'll need to install [`cargo-generate`](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-generate), which will allow you to create a new Rust project with some boilerplate example code that you can then modify as needed.
```

This example shows how to use the [`aranya-client`](../../crates/aranya-client) library to:
- Setup a team
- Sync Aranya graphs
- Create an Aranya Fast Channel
- Send encrypted data between peers

> During setup, the example application starts an instance of the [`aranya-daemon`](../../crates/aranya-daemon) for each Aranya user in the background. The daemon handles low-level operations such as syncing between different users so that the client can focus on the operations it wants to perform on the team.

Reviewer: I think it was important to mention the Aranya graph here.

Author: Maybe I should just hotlink those docs on the bullet points above this

Reviewer: Works for me

> During setup, the example application starts an instance of the [`aranya-daemon`](../../crates/aranya-daemon) for each Aranya user in the background. The daemon handles low-level operations such as syncing between different users so that the client can focus on the operations it wants to perform on the team.

Author: note to self, link to `technical-apis/rust-api/#aranya-daemon` once that other PR is merged

> During setup, the example application starts an instance of the [`aranya-daemon`](../../crates/aranya-daemon) for each Aranya user in the background. The daemon handles low-level operations such as syncing between different users so that the client can focus on the operations it wants to perform on the team.

Reviewer 2: Since the list above this paragraph indicates that the example shows how to "sync Aranya graphs", I think it makes sense to use that terminology in this paragraph as well to make it clear that the daemon will automatically handle that portion. 
```suggestion
During setup, the example application starts an instance of the [`aranya-daemon`](../../crates/aranya-daemon) for each Aranya user in the background. The daemon handles low-level operations such as automatically syncing graph states between different users so that the client can focus on the operations it wants to perform on the team.
```

# Generate a New Project

Install [cargo-generate](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-generate) using cargo (you should have the [Rust toolchain](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) installed):
```

> cargo install cargo-generate

Reviewer 3: Let's make this `cargo install --locked cargo-generate`

```

> Then, generate a new workspace from the template, which will prompt you for the name of the new project you wish to create:

Reviewer 3: and change "workspace" to "project" here too

```
cargo generate aranya-project/aranya templates/aranya-example
```

# Building the Example

You can then build your new project (release mode will provide faster binaries):
```
cargo build --release
```

# Running the Example

Finally, you can run your newly created project[^1]:
```

> target/release/aranya-example

Reviewer 3: When running the example app it's expected or allowed to have logging output with sync errors, this is very confusing as there is no indication that the app ran successfully. It looks like it errored out. 

<img width="1272" alt="Screenshot 2025-02-04 at 3 10 48 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7e090456-50c7-43ef-ad11-89cbaf5b0328" />

We should add additional logging to signify to the user that the app did indeed succeed. It would be even better if we logged the step it's taking in the app (this could be a seperate PR). Which is something we do in our contract demos. If we at least show the following steps, it will illustrate what's happening in the app. 

- Setup a team
- Sync Aranya graphs
- Create an Aranya Fast Channel
- Send encrypted data between peers

Alternatively we could tell the user to use the info logging level or make it the default level (although it is very verbose).

Author: Honestly, most of what we designate as "info" internally should really be debug.... info should just be the default logging level
